I'm not pregnant, but my wife certainly
is. She's at that point in pregnancy
where having a good night's sleep
results in an injury. Not fun. So, since
she's got all sorts of back pain and
sciatica, this is what she should do.
Get the ankle over the knee and lean
forward. And you'll feel a huge stretch
right here. But unfortunately, she's got
a huge belly in the way. So, instead,
what she'll do is she'll get her
partner, that's me, and while she's
laying back with pillows propping her
up, I will pull her leg and hold it
somewhere over here off to the side. so
it's not interfering with her belly. The
goal is to feel a huge stretch in this
area, 30 seconds, while softly shifting
that foot back and forth so that
everything has a chance to relax.
Already, her pregnancy sciatica will
feel slightly better, but we're not done
yet. A normal person would then do a
nerve floss like this. But again, my
wife can't even reach her leg because
her belly is in the way. So, it's my
job. So, again, while propped up against
pillows, I will then pull her toes back
and then lengthen the leg until she
feels that stretch. And then I'll relax
and stretch and relax. Really slow and
relax. And I'll do that sometimes 30
plus times. At the end of it, she should
feel pretty loose and flexible, even
though she can't quite hit the splits
yet. And while not 100% painfree, cuz
pregnancy does suck. I know. At least
she feels a little bit better so she can
carry that baby for at least one more
month. Hopefully. Stay flexy.